update grafana panels for TiKV GC (#5324)
pingcap/docs: grafana-tikv-dashboard.md

## GC

- GC tasks: The count of GC tasks processed by gc_worker
- GC tasks Duration: The time consumed when executing GC tasks
- TiDB GC seconds: The GC duration
- TiDB GC worker actions: The count of TiDB GC worker actions
- ResolveLocks Progress: The progress of the first phase of GC (Resolve Locks)
- TiKV Auto GC Progress: The progress of the second phase of GC
- GC speed: The number of keys deleted by GC per second
- TiKV Auto GC SafePoint: The value of TiKV GC safe point. The safe point is the current GC timestamp
- GC lifetime: The lifetime of TiDB GC
- GC interval: The interval of TiDB GC

> - GC in Compaction Filter: count of filterd versions in write CF compaction filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- GC in Compaction Filter: The count of filtered versions in the compaction filter of write CF.
```
